This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
the speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot
In Matthew chapter 2,
In verse number 11, the word says,
And when they were coming to the house,
They saw the young child with Mary, his mother.
And fell down and worshipped him.
And when they had opened their treasures, they presented unto him gifts.
Gold
Frankincense
and myrrh.
I will tell you that
Out of thieves.
Three gifts that the wise men brought
One in particular,
The gift of myrrh.
It's interesting to know that the gift of myrrh,
Which was?
A very
Expensive
Unique
Type of
Ointment
Spice,
When these wise men brought these gifts, gold, frankincense, and myrrh,
And mer being one of the gifts that was brought.
To the Lord.
At his birth,
It's interesting to know
That after he was crucified,
Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus took him down from the cross,
And the women began to prepare him for the burial.
With myrrh.
Actually, there were two particular
Spices.
And fragrances that they used a low
Andmer.
But I thought it'd be interesting for you to know that Merv was given in his birth,
And given in his death.
you listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com